---
title: SSB
date: 2022-06-03
dream_tags: [video games, Jerremy, animals, celebrities, movies, technology, sports, surreal]
---

Started out fighting coura in ssb. He was writing down every reaction to every
potential situation in a binder of some sort.

Dreamt Stella was protecting me as I competed in drag race. No memory putting it
all on just competing and afterward. 2nd and 3rd called up to the podium. Waited
for first place to call; I didn’t win the competition. Category was really
really weird. I think I looked princessa like Jennifer Connelly in labyrinth but
the others were so boy. Later told my coach I’d never felt the pressures of
being beautiful only being a man.

Stella saw a pair of dogs nursing puppies outside in the rain and wanted to get
out badly. I opened the window and she pushed her way out of the mesh. She also
ran and caught a bad person, tore off many fingers before he was apprehended.

Earlier, someone else ordered kits to water cool all our pcs, set up primarily
by some girl in the group. Was controlling a video game character while this
going on, struggling to maintain a normal posture as a girl expressed interest
in me.

Last there was a ball game. Another boy wong did well, hit a home run and
everyone got home. Yellow jerseys. I was up last. Practice went well I was sure
to hit. Step up to the plate, mud on my glasses, ask for time to clean.

Pitcher pulls out all dirty tricks. The ball is a bit of red slime, almost
sinewy, like a piece of waste meat. He shuts the barn doors to home plate so I
can’t see him pitch. He pitches right in front of home plate. He has all his
buddies in front of him pitching so I can’t see him wind up. His last pitch was
in the dirt far in front of home before the ump warns on time. Never got a hit
to finish the game.
