---
title: Crash
date: 2022-10-09
dream_tags: [vehicles, Cleveland, weather, technology, Progressive, Lisa]
---

Driving along a wide road, like Mayfield.

I was fiddling with the console, like editing code or something. It was raining.

Lane departure assist took control and jerked me into oncoming traffic. It had
full control of the steering wheel, I could not wrest it back in time. I
remember getting hit on my right side. Three other cars involved. The crash was
surprisingly tame, everyone gets out and asks if they’re okay.

We drive into the nearest parking lot to exchange information. I hit a middle
aged man, somewhat grumpy but that’s understandable. Two others must’ve hit each
other as a result.

I pull out my Progressive® app to give information. I tell the man I was sorry
but the lane departure assist took over and I couldn’t do anything about it. He
wasn’t too upset, considering. Someone else said we shouldn’t edit things too
quickly so as not to overwhelm the databases.

We have to take the bus around. Lisa texts me and suggests I take everyone to
oso burrito. No thanks Lisa. We’re waiting at a bus stop in the interior of a
garage. Everything’s flooded.

Must’ve taken the bus in a big circle or something. I come back to my car, this
time inside the garage. It had its front smashed in, the radiator completely
fucked at some odd angle, and the passenger compartment buckled downward below
the engine slightly. This was interesting, because I’d been hit on the side.

The car was white (I actually drive a black Corolla) and it looked very much
like a Supra, although my brain was trying to recall the Corolla and added the
roof rails. Maybe I was looking at the other dudes car but in-dream I recognized
it as my own.

I remember thinking that perhaps I’d pay off the loan and just get the type R.
