---
title: Whale
date: 2022-09-04
dream_tags: [ships, animals, surreal, television, movies, video games, Progressive, colleague]
---

In a wooden ship or something. A tail burst through, apparently of a whale but
no flippers on the tail. It was dying, we spoke to it somehow. The town wanted
to help heal it. I was to take photos but as we were sitting in an auditorium I
realized something was up. Ran off and found another person got the gig, and
were at the top of a very tall steep hill making the deal.

Search began for items that would help the whale.

Started off with American ninja style blocks in water, half moon shaped so you
would roll it into the water if you leaned forward. Had to jump from one to the
next along with other contestants. Set up parallel to each other. I felt the
soreness from having started to exercise irl recently, as I was clinging onto
the platform.

Someone like Malfoy got in the way and I broke his wrist with a wrist lock.
Moved on upward, got invisibility chewing gum to help me ascend the ramps and
stairs unnoticed.

Reached final room where we had to find the items that would cure the whale.
Checked my pack for the instructions and could not find them. Walked around
looking for a speed-increase food like in Breath of the Wild. Wasted some time
looking for that, all the vendors were selling brightly colored food but in a
language I could not understand. They surely all had some sort of effects.

Bryan munch was there and found the first item, said it was big and hidden like
a Mario block. Someone said he went around in a big box bumping into stuff to
reveal hidden items. Found a set of ancient looking wine canteens hidden in a
corner. Time was running out, brought to judges. The third canteen was one of
the cures, and it was product of x files.

Sat down in relief. I was told to be extra talkative this weekend as I was sure
to be interviewed. Other contestants walked out, thanked those who helped me.
One dude commented on how long I’d been empty handed.
