---
title: GTFO
date: 2022-06-30
dream_tags: [video games, Andrew, Min, celebrities, television, Lisa, family, mom, surreal, technology, nightmare, aliens, weapons]
---

New gtfo rundown VR. Me and Andrew to begin. He had sentry I had foam. I was
scouting a room, an access unlocks to catwalk. Resources at end of catwalk but
beeg wan at the end too. Beeg wan very sensitive, basically wakes up as soon as
you take the shit.

Run back to Andrew, we defend, his sentry taking focused damage from enemies. I
asked if he wanted to move it to protect himself. Maybe we failed. Because we
had to clear beeg wan again. I was crawling toward it, thinking perhaps it
wouldn’t awaken if you weren’t looking at it. Asked Andrew to monitor if it got
red while I army crawled to the resources. It woke up, we must’ve had to restart
again.

This time it woke up immediately after opening catwalk, Andrew hel shotguns it
to death but we must run. Must have died again.

On catwalk again, this time there were monsters sleeping suspended on the sides.
Andrew (and min?) said something about “wall scouts” that came out last rundown.
My flashlight wouldn’t turn off, and awoke the wall scouts. We must run.

We make it to the other side. Meet up with scientist, small device for wireless
connection. It was Martin Short, wearing a white lab coat and having makeup a
little like neelix from ST Voyager. Said something about the next challenge from
the aliens having to do with hair. Makes a strange vomiting motion. I observe a
map of the expedition, we’re an offshoot group from a larger boat.

We are spared an immediate assault from aliens, confirming such with the
scientist. We head back. Lisa drops in for the end. She gets duplicate items as
me in a backpack. I tell her about the weapons, shotgun, machine gun, the
shotgun has three shots left. They were painted orange and black, I thought they
looked cool.

This time my entire family is present. Making it difficult to finish the mission
because they never played gtfo or l4d before and don’t know how to stick
together. The new enemy type: apes.

Mom runs off by herself and dies, gets upset because other families had funerals
for their loved ones who died and we’re just pressing on to finish mission. Some
curly haired dude also here reminds me of () from middle school. Another girl
(Lisa?) barely makes it back to the group. Unsure if we finished the game.

Next scene, Lisa and I in bed. We have three new dogs. I’ve enabled Wi-Fi backup
for the dogs, and backup their data in our own Wi-Fi enabled bodies. Forgot to
turn on long-range backup on two of the dogs. One by one they rest their head on
my chest to backup. Last one stays there, but then with a childlike voice says
to Lisa “I want to hurt him” and puts a very childlike finger _somewhere_ and my
right ball buzzed in pain.

Dream ends.
