---
title: Andrew
date: 2022-07-22
dream_tags: [Andrew, celebrities, photography, surreal, movies, computers, high school, smartphones, sports]
---

I dreamt I was living in some apartment complex. There was a notice that they
were removing a particular sort of tree from outside my unit. I went to go see
and maybe take a picture, and Matt Damon was there so I asked him if he would
take it for me, since he obviously is a world renowned photographer. He took two
shots and talked for a little bit. I did not look at the shots.

I made my way through some tunnels or something. Stopped to use the bathroom.
There was a package full of some greenish yellow gel that was left there by some
startup claiming if you found any condoms in the toilet it would dissolve it. It
wasn’t an ordinary toilet, more like something you’d find in Alien. Large
central pissing unit, small reservoir on the floor. There was a gel packet in
the reservoir as well for cleaning it.

Followed some black dude across the street to the mouth of another tunnel. I
stopped to check my phone. One friend had texted me, and I ignored it. Andrew
texted me asking if python file “territory” was tracked by git just like R
files.

I was texting you to say that git versions any file, but only tracks lines if
they’re text files. I struggled immensely with the autocorrect and typing the
response.

My name was called; some of the Asian kids from high school started a basketball
game around me and I was on a team. One of them was short and skinny, who was
it? Brian jung, or Kevin tai … Tim Chen was probably there too.
