---
title: I Got Shot
date: 2023-03-24
dream_tags: [family, Matt, dad, mom, boss, Progressive, colleagues, Andrew, vehicles, Delaware, Cleveland, violence]
---

Dreamt going to another Cavs game w dad and Matt and mom. Left my Cavs hat at
home. Alena mentioned via teams I could find another hat downtown but that’s too
expensive and wasteful.

We park in a nice area. Looks like Willoughby. Andrew’s in town too. We’re
moving some stuff from a store or something I use his car. It’s an old 90s
manual, and reverse gear needs to be floored to go. I drive his car out but
forgot how to use reverse gear and it rolled off of an elevated parking
platform. No damage to the car though. We move on.

I come back to my car. Some Hispanic guy is talking on the phone about an
(Acura) Integra, I confront him but not directly. I talk to him in Spanish, but
luckily there are subtitles so I can keep up. I gather he’s not a bad dude and
isn’t trying to steal my car.

I go away and come back to my car, perhaps after the game. I find the nearby car
shop owner began chopping it up in his shop, I make a scene in front of other
customers, I want it put back together and repaired, im furious.

Some woman recorded me saying some things, and tries to defame me. I ask why
she’s recording me. She shrinks away. I was recorded to say something like pain
is a deterrent for petty theft. I don’t remember saying that.

Later, hanging around what looks like Delaware. Some bearded white guy,
apparently a gamer starts firing on everyone with a rifle. He’s aiming for me, I
get shot in the leg. Some PSA goes out about how the shooter needs to reach a
certain planet in some game, and hacking will not be tolerated. Felt like this
was the game somehow, and PVP was normally off but this guy managed to deal
damage to me.

Fortunately there is a regional hospital and I limp my way in. I tell them I’ve
been shot by a high powered rifle, and I need treatment. They’re blasé about the
whole situation, but I guess my leg doesn’t seem too bad off. They review my
chart as I’m standing there, commenting on my stomach condition. Commented on
some breathing data collected, showing things like CO3 in the composition, must
not have been collected right.

They attach a giant monitor pad to my waist and lead me to a waiting room with
several others. One is the shooter, whom I immediately call out, fortunately a
plainclothes police man was there waiting too, I tell him he shot me and he’s
trying to steal my car as he bolts out of the hospital.
