---
title: NY Dream
date: 2023-06-16
dream_tags: [NYC, Flushing, Lisa, Ania, smartphones, Manhattan, ocean, ships]
---

Lisa and I visiting NY. Were in flushing, and were looking to go to the library.
We get off the subway at a particular place — we’re in flushing alright, I
remark.

We find my grandmother, she asks if we’ve gotten the item from the library
(there’s some sort of quest item that attaches to your wrist when you go). No I
say, because we wanted to get the specific one from flushing, and not the
starting item. Maybe this one was better.

I try to use Lisa’s phone to locate the library. I get frustrated, I can’t
figure out how to use her phone. I use my phone instead, and pull out the maps
to show it’s just ahead.

Whereas I said we were in flushing, it looked more like the south street seaport
mixed with Chelsea piers, because we passed some giant aircraft carriers. They
were moored just where the street intersection ended, and the crosswalk was
netting made out of thick marine rope. Some squares were just open and you could
fall through to the ocean below. Lisa commented on how dangerous this was. I
made sure I put my keys in my backpack, I could hear them jangling as I crawled
over the netting, trying not to fall through.

We went up to one of the ships. Somehow I needed to drop a few feet from the
netting off of the crosswalk. There was a woman from the navy offering tattoos.
Lisa wanted us to get a pair tattoo, one half of a pair of wings on our calves,
so that if we stood together it was one pair of wings.
