---
title: Aliens
date: 2023-12-06
dream_tags: [aliens, beard, violence, gruesome, video games, Jerremy, Weton]
---

Aliens invading. They come at night. I’m on a farm helping out research them.
Set timers on a bunch of pull chain lights. Try to get to sleep; I pull out a
knitted blanket, large enough for two, and my bunkmate and I sleep on the couch
under the blanket, which has the confederate flag on one end.

They’re supposed to come that night but didn’t. We study one of the timers, it
was tampered with by an alien.

Next night we wait up for them. They have certain triggers; you cant look at
them, you especially cant have beards and look at them. I manage to hide.

One of the other researchers figures out that an alien has stowed away in the
bed of a trailer. They've figured out it’s going to try to use some of our
equipment, pointing something at the moon. We turn on the car and pretend to
drive, then turn it off and lie in wait. It stands up out of the tarp and points
something at the moon. We assault the aliens. I’m hiding due to my triggers.
Unfortunately I cannot hide well enough trapped between two aliens. I’m torn in
two as they grab my arms and pull.

Later dream. Playing smash 64 with coura.

Later dream. Playing some sort of rpg, I find out that if I make my character
have a ridiculous constitution level I can summon a charizard to pop out of a
barrel for free.

Later dream. Something about a kid, has a cache somewhere. I recall gore in the
cache.

Later dream. Something about appeasing a girl with dark hair. Something telling
me I’m in the 60s. Everyone has a gray towel, but she gets a black one. I’m on
edge in case that sets her off.

Much later. Playing bg3 w wetons group. There were statues that gave health and
armor; chocolate armor quartered damage taken and couldn’t be dropped when
damage taken (I guess it was concentration). We were under attack by some hags;
I frightened one of them as I ran, and made it out a door so I could go get the
chocolate armor buff. I’d also found a glitch where items given to inactive
members of the party activated during battle.
