---
title: Marvel
date: 2023-08-28
dream_tags: [movies, video games, BBG, animals, Lisa, aliens, science fiction]
---


Aliens seem to have invaded. I see crop circles in my backyard, more like tears
of the kingdom impressions in the grass. I saw a small little drone flying
around. There’s nothing definitive yet, publicly, but I’m conversing with a
neighbor who also saw the drone, and saw the same shape. Sort of a twitter-bird
shape with the head instead looking like an old-time camera with three lenses.
It hovered in place, watching me. It was supremely unsettling.

Next morning I go to check on the cats. Bbg is missing her tail, or part of her
tail. On closer inspection, it almost looks like her tail was duplicated, and
she was roughed up a bit but she still had her tail; there was just another one
on the floor next to her where she lay. In any case, she was hurt so Lisa took
her to the vet.

I anxiously call about her condition, Lisa anxiously snaps that she’s working
and the vets are doing their job too. Eventually we get bbg back but now I am
too unsettled knowing that aliens or something are watching our house and
hurting our cat.

Skip

We receive a fedex package from a truck. I’ve gotten some ally somehow, and we
go outside to look at the truck. The “organization” fucked up the route and the
REAL fedex truck comes around the corner. I hear cursing as the ruse is undone,
the “organization” becomes known to us. What they’re doing, I don’t know. Is
there infighting? Are they fighting the aliens? I think so.

I’m given a weapon. About the same size and material of the shokz headphones. It
has two ends, one end supposed to be much more powerful. We come under attack.
The organization fends off the attack, but in a movie moment I find my weapon
was ineffectual to begin with; it squirted water, and the high-power setting
squirted water farther. I’m upset that I could not defend myself.

We’re now privy to the secrets of the organization. We find that they have been
intending to clone people for some use.

Finally we find Tony Stark, the head of the organization. Hes flying around and
on a phone call with some sort of customer support expressing displeasure with
some sort of outcome.
