---
title: Miscellaneous
date: 2023-07-29
dream_tags: [California, Andrew, Matthew, video games, family, Progressive, colleagues, ocean, animals, KSML, NYC]
---

We’re in CA with Andrew. We are playing a milsim, and Andrew’s leading us to
some objective.

Playing scrabble with my family. Matthew puts “gleoc” down and I’m like, “what,
the beast from Zelda?” He’s like yeah, and I storm off, throwing a piece across
the parking lot(?), muttering that fine I’ll start playing animal noises next.
It wasn’t even spelled right, it’s gleeok. I try to find the piece but I cannot,
I only find matchbooks on the floor. I figure the item might have gotten smushed
by now. Someone else’s mom is screaming at her kids while they get into their
car.

Work event. I’m in samus’ suit trying to figure out what to do. I jump from a
high height onto an SUV and die. I respawn. I’m moving around, and I come up
behind Jenna doing some work. She didn’t notice me even in the power suit, so I
back away so as not to startle her. I’m running around trying to shoot bats with
my arm cannon.

I run into Megan and she recommends a book on autism for my brother. I say he
would be offended because he’s not on the spectrum. Someone else chimes in
saying something about “ambliant punishment forgiveness”. This is not a real
phrase. I made a joke that made me sound really autistic.

On a rooftop, perhaps a party. We threw scraps off the side of the building into
the ocean below, orcas were eating the scraps. We’re putting away the tarp that
served as a tent. I get caught in it and it pushes me over the side of the
building into the water. Fortunately a telephone line was there and I pulled
myself out. I was thankful that Kevin and I had securely fastened the line into
the wall.

Elevator guy and cat There was an elevator operator who was like an NPC, doomed
to forever operate the elevator. There was a sequence of events though whereby
you could drop someone in a dumbwaiter slot and they would fall under the
building and you would get a cute baby version of that someone. So I found a
mean cat and and scruffed it, took it to the dumbwaiter, and placed it in. The
mean cat was sent underneath the building and out came a cute cat in a baby
bonnet.

Drag queens metro card In NYC. I get a metro card, which has a lot more
documents attached than I remember. Some drag queen remarks that I’ve bought
into the biological identification scheme. Mildly concerned, I remark that I’ve
had these since I was a boy.
