---
title: Costco
date: 2023-09-05
dream_tags: [dad, video games, vehicles, Lisa, California, corporations, weapons, mom, violence]
---

Dad visiting, wanting to do something so he puts on the video game Midnight
Club, but not any one I’d ever played. I yelled at him, we were talking about a
mathematical representation of the thrust of the video game car. Something about
two motorcycles strapped together, he was suggesting the engine for the second
be in a normal position and I got upset, it didn’t matter because it was just a
math representation and didn’t have a real meaning.

I was driving one of the cars with Lisa, we picked the Tehachapi map and we’re
getting on the highway. I drove toward the stylists sunrise and accidentally off
into the desert.

I worked at a pizza shop, cheap pizza where you went down a cafeteria line
ordering toppings. On my day off I went to Costco equivalent. There was an
annoying boy there, I tied him up in an arm lock.

There was a gun demonstration/safety class my family attended. It was BYOG, and
we brought mostly water guns with us. I was looking for something smaller for my
mom to use, she was toying around with the Monster model from our youth, much
too big. After a moment lost in thought, the class is silent and I realize the
instructors were waiting for us for some reason. Okay, I pay attention. They
have some podunk kid representing them to give a demonstration. He’s carrying an
m4 and is showing no gun safety at all, flagging the crowd and his partners on
stage repeatedly. For his demonstration, he throws garbage up into the air and
he shoots it on full auto. Eventually he’s shooting way too close in my
direction, but the bullet velocity seems really low because it definitely should
have hit me or something near me. I safety squint in case, wanting to protect my
eyesight.

