---
title: Monsters
date: 2024-10-01
dream_tags: [monsters, aliens, house, Ania, Lisa]
---

Monsters; something about white alligators that hopped like grasshoppers, some
Star Wars droid aliens over the river attacking me as I tried to flee.

We had some repairs done around the house. Looks vaguely like anias place but
certainly no place id been before. We needed help mounting something to the
ceiling and repairing some drywall. An older guy did the drywall; he left us a
portrait of him. A younger pair of white guys helped with the ceiling fixture.
For some reason, all I needed to do was screw something in fairly
straightforward but I had a harness or something that held me parallel to the
ceiling made out of my ratchet straps that I was trying to set up. The guys
snickered, and made me feel insecure about my ability to fix things.

The house was part of a row of townhouses of some sort. We could go up on the
roof and basically have an entire street to ourselves up there. It was highly
unstable, moving around.

At a restaurant dinner party hosted by a drag queen. We'd seen her walking around
outside; I think she was dying. I remarked to lisa that I thought id mixed up an
interviewee name with hers. We’re seated with an older black couple. Then it’s
time to dance, and I begrudgingly stand and we do a weird jig around the table.

Suddenly a different black man begins attacking everyone. He’s especially mad at
me for some reason, and he finds my fancy modern lamp and destroys it. Not sure
why it was with me. I grab what was left and leave with lisa.
