---
title: GTA
date: 2024-01-23
dream_tags: [video games, California, vehicles, Lisa, animals, weapons, violence]
---

Dreamt I was in a gta game. Supposed to be southern California? Or somewhere
else maybe on an island. People called it Yuba.

Walked past a store selling the SLF450X jet car from midnight club 2. Amazing to
see it up close, and open the cockpit. Walked around the back, it was extremely
wide and low to the ground, although this model didn’t seem to have the jet
engines in the back, maybe consumer grade.

Walked into this card shop. I was looking at the cards to see if I could figure
out where we were. I asked the owner where she was from, she said SoCal but I
knew this wasnt SoCal so I looked some more. I think I saw something about a
place called Yuba and that made more sense to me.

Went to see someone lisa knew. Their house was dark and many creatures hung on
the wall. I was afraid they were cockroaches at first but they were actually the
little tropical lizards. I was relieved. I asked if they were hard to get rid
of, person said she gave them to her snails to eat but they couldnt keep up or
something.

Something made me upset so I left. I fast traveled to the starting area,
thinking id get something good to eat maybe. I’m walking across a parking lot
when some enemies start trying to snipe me. I get my own weapons out and try to
fight back but I must have misplaced my controller because I had to aim and fire
using a TV remote. Why did I need a controller in the first place I don’t know.
Anyway it was difficult to use a precision gun on the remote so I switched to a
mini gun. Dunno why but one dude took a massive amount of fire to kill. Other
dudes ran away after the main guy died.
