---
title: Progressive
date: 2024-02-18
dream_tags: [Progressive, colleagues, boss, corporations, Lisa, Adirondacks, vehicles, video games, Australia, celebrities, ocean, technology, ships]
---

I was working at PGR still, but I guess I was in facilities because I had to fix
a sagging wall in a bathroom. I guess there was a lot of water damage or
something and there was gunk pooling behind the paint.

Ryan Haffey opened a new position on his team, and Ruth emailed me about it.

I also found that the owner of Nubeigel was selling their cabin/vineyard and we
got the inside scoop, so Lisa and I drove out to see it. On the way we crashed
into every car on the way like in a video game because the handling was so poor.

We got out of the car at the base of a hill, a vineyard on the slope and the
cabin at the top. We walked up the slope to the cabin. It had an open floor
plan, much like the one Mark and I stayed at in the adirondacks. It had a ton of
holes in it for some reason, like a “skylight” but no glass, I guess it had a
wooden cover that slid over the hole for rain or whatever. There was a stove
heater, but it seemed to begin below us, in a basement. Maybe someone stoked the
fire down below and the heat rose through the floor. There seemed to be a way
down on the edge of the room, maybe a trap door. More holes on the side of the
house maybe for ventilation.

Prior in the dream, we were vacationing somewhere in Australia. Some celebrity
had lost an item out in the tumultuous sea. A local constable or something asked
me if I could go retrieve it. I had taken a look on Google Maps for the
bathymetry, and saw a trench in the ocean floor. It wouldnt be easy to find.

A tremendous ship turbine larger than a building sat on the coast. The constable
changed his mind and said he didn’t want me to get caught in it.
