---
title: Britain Lunch Line
date: 2024-08-25
dream_tags: [UK, Progressive, colleagues, Ania, NYC, television, Matthew, food]
---

In britain, perhaps working, pgr must have moved. Had a team meeting previously,
sobum was managing us now and mentioned that this had been a hard difficult
year. I recall feeling good connecting and chatting with him. We were doing some
weird team building exercise that involved some mimeing; I remember being
prompted to act like i was sprinkling something in my eyes.

We watched a movie with Megans group. We were at anias apartment in nyc though.
A slight shift in setting, the movie came alive and the actors were performing
amidst the doors and halls of my grandmothers apartment. One was from downton
abbey who played the head butler. The other I dont know. I asked someone else
watching if they were in show business because they were very good. They
mentioned the man was, and I felt dumb for asking, of course, I must have
forgotten after a nap.

Went to get lunch. My brother picked up a ham sandwich but it was hot, steaming
hot under the togo plate. It looked good I got one too. I also asked for a
macchiato from the barista. I dont know why, probably because it seems the most
sophisticated to me, but I love all types of espresso.

Long line to pay. One brit asks about my credit card about foreign transaction
fees; I tell him not my credit card. We move along the line. We’re heading up
the stairs but it’s the stairs from the laundry room in my childhood housing
complex; ramps on the side with steps cut in the center. I’m standing in the
ramps and lose my balance, struggling to remain upright, until I remember the
steps cut in the center.

Before I can get to the window to pay (which is a circular booth with the
attendant inside behind a window), the person before me (a boy, a young man) is
arguing with her. Apparently he has brought money but it is insufficient to
cover his debt.

He is walking away, with a stunned expression on his face, others remarking how
stunned he looks, pitying him. I offer to pay his way, he gets back in line
behind me. When we get to pay, I tell the cashier I will settle his debts, and
that I got a ham sandwich with a macchiato. It’s a complete mess for some reason
fallen all apart in the bag as the attendant scoops it all together in a pile
before handing it back to me.

I notice the boy has a crumpled faded check made out to some large sum of money
in the hundreds of dollars. This alarms me and I ask the attendant how much his
debt is — $1300 she says. Thats more than I was expecting, I thought he was just
trying to get a meal like the rest of us. I ask her what the minimum was we
could settle today — she said $300. I said to the young man, I’ll do $600 for
you. He was upset because id said id settle his debt but begrudgingly accepted.
I paid the sum.

It sounded like a social situation, like the place is also a charity
organization and they were giving reduced housing or something like that it
wasnt clear.
