---
title: Cruise Ship
date: 2025-08-02
dream_tags: [ocean, cruise, ships, science fiction, movies, weapons, violence, video games]
---

On the bow of a cruise ship, watching it sail. We crash through some thin docks,
apparently to no ones agitation.

We’re disembarking, I guess, because theres a ton of people around and in the
halls; it’s hard to get by. I go to the bathroom but I realize I’m barefoot,
disgusted I go back to our room to get my sandals.

On my way I realize I forgot the way back. I pass a posh room and turn away from
it; we’re surely not in there. I find an elevator with an attendant who I ask
for directions. After I finally begin to recognize some of the areas. I get in
the elevator along with someone else who I thought I recognized from earlier.

There’s only one button, labeled H/S. What we didn’t know, and would soon find
out, is that the elevator was situated at the base of a huge sci-fi sphere (were
our rooms in the sphere? Was it even still on the ship?). What we also didn’t
know was that the elevator rotated as it went along the sphere. It was a small
elevator, and while I was able to turn with the elevator so my feet were on the
ground, the other passenger stayed upside down until we exited. I almost lose my
keycard lanyard down the mechanics getting out.

Then things take a wild turn. Theres a female darth vader type wearing some
armor coming at me with a lightsaber. I, too, have a lightsaber for some reason,
but it’s unable to penetrate the armor. I take a speeder bike away from her. It
turns into some video game setting where there are tasks that will weaken her
armor sufficiently.
