---
title: Car Wreck
date: 2025-01-08
dream_tags: [family, vehicles, weather, animals, video games, mom, medical, violence]
---

In a desert. Driving with relatives I dont know or have. They’re in a big SUV
and I’m not sure they know what they’re doing. We’re in a sandstorm, and sand is
filling up all the gauges. The woman driving has it locked in 4th gear and going
70 mph. She doesnt see a blue mustang lose control up ahead, and we smash into
the pileup. Because our vehicle was so big we continue through, up the side of a
dune and flip into a field of cacti. It’s also a cliff and we’re dangling over
small pool. We dislodge and fall into the pool, scrambling to get out of the
water.

We’re all safe, no injuries surprisingly, the impacts were tamed by the dream.
We find ourselves in some sort of campsite. I’m yelling at the driver asking why
she was revving in 4th going so fast in slippery conditions.

Some camp leader comes up to us and offers medical attention. we have cats and
dogs with us for some reason and this woman is offput, calling the cats “video
games” and refuses to treat us unless we got rid of them. I yell at her and ask
if she calls dogs “board games”, crazy bitch. We’re unable to be seen.

I leave with a non-relative who was in the car with us. I ask her if she'd be
more comfortable driving with my mother and I, who drive safely. We’re looking
for the medical professionals. We ascend a tower, very precarious system of a
bed and pulleys. At the top we see a disabled person and a doctor seeing him.
She agrees to see us, but first is feeding the guy what looks like fig newtons.
He likes them.

In a prior scene, from a window we witnessed a car crash into a red truck.
Another truck smashed into the red truck, killing the driver.
