---
title: "My Opinion of AI"
author: Alec Wong
cover: monkeys.png
draft: true
date: '2024-08-04'
categories: [life]
tags: [musings, technology]
---


I was amused by "AI" when it took off in the winter of 2022-2023. My friends and
I took turns generating comedic images, probing our imagination for the most
incongruous prompts to see what humor could manifest. More than one year later,
I've developed a distaste for generative technology, but more than that a sense
of foreboding. I doubt that I have any new opinions here but I find it worth
writing down anyway.

<img src='./IMG_8097.PNG' width='40%' class='shadow'>

I'm generally optimistic about new technology, and I enjoy the advances made
since I was a boy. Having my PC boot in a few seconds flat still produces the
computational equivalent of a new-car-smell. Watching computations work at super
speed at my job is incredible and awesome (`duckdb` is an achievement).
I continually appreciate the speed of gigabit internet.

The progress made in the space of deep learning is monumental as well, and I
laud the intellectuals pushing boundaries here. But with everything else, it
seems, the grasping hands of profiteers corrupt the space, and I don't think we
have the right social structures to integrate well with generative tech. Much of
my opposition comes from the severing of epistemological heuristics we've relied
on in society, and the need for new ones. Other opposition comes from concerns
of labor and art. Ultimately my judgement is that the benefits of generative
tech do not outweight the drawbacks.

## Knowing things

<img src=./moses_supreme.jpg width='40%' class='shadow' title="Moses parting the red sea wearing Supreme clothing">

Perhaps my greatest fear is the widespread supplantation of trust in knowledge;
or more specifically, a weakening of our foundation of *how* we know things, our
epistemology. I probably don't have to, but I'll link the [rat penis research AI
controversy](https://www.popsci.com/technology/ai-rat-journal/). When we've
allowed artificial knowledge into the places supposed to be dedicated to human
knowledge, I think that's a problem.

None can research all things with sufficient depth, so there are areas we have
to delegate trust to others. The problem is -- how can we trust others now, if
we don't even know if what they produce is genuinely a product of their own
thought?

Regardless of how well generative technologies operate, their mere existence
sows mistrust in other people. At best, generative technologies exceed the
capabilities of the person using it giving anyone an unearned air of expertise.
While the knowledge they "produce" may be correct, they are not a part of the
equation any longer -- why would anyone trust or confer any value to anything
they say, when everyone has the same tools to create the same knowledge?
Knowledge-bearers are made completely fungible.

More likely, generative technology produces poor and incorrect output, but the
mass adoption of it makes it increasingly difficult to find good and genuine
knowledge, and casts doubt on the output of your abilities; was it you, or was
it produced by this flawed utility? How can we know? Worse yet, if you are
supposed to be an expert in your field, how many others are there who can judge
this? In either circumstance, the esteem that knowledge-bearers once held is
eroded and hidden among noise, their legitimacy decimated.

Video generation has gotten to the point where historical document (which can be
of poor quality) is now questionable. Before generative technology was a thing
[this was posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/Damnthatsinteresting/comments/omx53b/colourised_footage_of_england_in_1901_everyone/).
It shows a gaggle of children ogling a newfangled thing called a camera, as some
passersby obliviously go about their day. It has the same sort of aimlessness
that generative videos often produce, and in viewing a single frame for too long
one might begin to identify false positives of generative hallucination due
to artifacts from the overly compressed format and limitations of the clearly
old video technology. If you didn't know that this pre-dated generative tech,
how certain would you be that this was a historical document?

**I believe a trend of anti-intellectualism and mistrust in institutions of
knowledge will accelerate with generative technologies.**

## Learning things

<img src=./baldy.jpg width='40%' class='shadow' title="From there Elisha went up to Bethel. As he was walking along the road, some boys came out of the town and jeered at him. “Get out of here, baldy!” they said. “Get out of here, baldy!”. He turned around, looked at them and called down a curse on them in the name of the LORD. Then two bears came out of the woods and mauled forty-two of the boys.">

It shouldn't be controversial to say that generative technology is disrupting
education right now, and not in a good way. Go on [/r/Teachers](https://old.reddit.com/r/Teachers/search?q=gpt&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all) and witness the
debates being held around how best to incorporate generative technology in the
classroom -- or else ban it. Hear the distress of teachers in Australia, saying
that they ["[suspect] plagiarism for about 40% of their cohort this year (2024)"](https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/article/2024/jul/31/universities-australia-cheating-issues-ai-chatgpt).

You might say, generative technology is used in the workplace, why not allow
students to become accustomed to using it now? You might say, the calculator is
the same idea and you use a calculator at work, don't you?

I say, we've missed the whole point of education. School and universities should
never have become a tool for businesses to receive trained labor for free. The
point of a higher-education degree should not be a conversion to future profits.
The classic joke is underwater basket-weaving, but there was a purpose to
liberal arts education in the past and it was not about making money or your
future prospects for the type of servitude you will submit to businesses!

The act of learning is a foundationally human activity, and a technology that
reduces the need for this reduces our humanity and potential. Yes I was allowed
to use a calculator in university, but they weren't testing for arithmetic in
calculus class, they were testing for our understanding of derivatives,
integrals, and limits. Obviously we weren't allowed to use Wolfram Alpha during
our tests despite its availability. I've always been poor at arithmetic, but
while calculators aren't helping me get better in that regard, I do understand
how it works because I was taught how to do it without one.

But I'm not sure that lower education students will, if they conceive of
generative tech as an all-knowing oracle that they can use to submit math
problems to (you know they're doing it). From the perspective of a
lower-education student who can apparently get all answers to any question
without effort, and who does not have the discernment to distinguish output
quality -- why bother learning anything? I would hope that the innate curiosity
wins out but now that we've converted schools to capitalist training programs
there is zero incentive to try hard if there won't be any value left over for
you at the end.

## Working on things

<img src=./babylon.jpg width='40%' class='shadow' title="Then the angel carried me away in the Spirit into a wilderness. There I saw a woman sitting on a scarlet beast that was covered with blasphemous names and had seven heads and ten horns. The woman was dressed in purple and scarlet, and was glittering with gold, precious stones and pearls. She held a golden cup in her hand, filled with abominable things and the filth of her adulteries. The name written on her forehead was a mystery: babylon the great the mother of prostitutes and of the abominations of the earth. I saw that the woman was drunk with the blood of God’s holy people, the blood of those who bore testimony to Jesus.">

I'm no economist and poorly read in these areas so obviously take whatever I say
with appropriate scepticism.

From the perspective of the ownership class, the most efficient organization of
production is the one which minimizes the cost of labor -- or perhaps eliminates
it outright. It is a machine so effective that the owners can operate it
themselves, producing all of the value with none of the cost of labor. Rarely do
we witness such a machine, but it is the logical conclusion of efficiency in
business.

**I predict that generative technologies will only serve to diminish the value
returned to labor and funnel more value to ownership.**

Companies will write platitudes like "*We will never replace employees with AI!
We use AI to help our employees serve our customers better*". But replacement
should not be the only concern, and not even the first.

If generative technology is better than you, then what separates you from anyone
else? Why should companies pay you more? If generative technology is flawed, how
can a business tell you're not one of the ones using the flawed tech? Why would
they pay you more when there is such risk involved? The very existence of the
technology excuses erosion of the value returned to the laborer.

The common rebuttal is that the world did not end from efficiencies achieved in
the past, but rather progress opened up other opportunities for labor to
retrieve value. Instead of toiling in fields, labor moved to work in factories;
instead of factories, labor moved to work in offices.

I state that the difference now is that the efficiencies sought previously
allowed us to transition from using our bodies for labor to using our minds,
different applications of our human adaptations to produce value for others. But
the efficiencies sought by adopters of generative technologies seek to erase
even the use of our minds for labor. And not only labor, but art.

There are a few things that we cherish as a higher-order intelligence on this
planet (or ought to). A record of historical tradition, and dissemination of
history and knowledge. A pursuit of creation and ideas, and finding emotional
connections to others through these. We see combinations of these in art, in
science, in storytelling, in history, and among teachers and students.

One wonders why the facets of human life that make it special and unique are
also the ones that we've allowed to be compensated so little.

Nevertheless, the way generative technologies are used today by the
money-grubbers target these crucial and quintessentially **human** pursuits;
it's no longer a question of whether people will find other applications for
their labor, but whether the faculties that we exercise to find meaning in our
lives will be taken from us and converted into cash for the ownership class.

<div class='footer'>
The images above were generated with Bing Image Generation technology ca. November 2023.
</div>
