---
title: On Ownership
author: Alec Wong
date: '2024-03-27'
draft: true
categories: [life]
tags: [musings, capitalism]
---

Ownership is the bedrock of the capitalist framework. An entity might possess
resources, and the entity is entitled to all value that these resources may
generate. What does it mean to own something, and are there better ways of
framing ownership?

<!--more-->

## Ownership as what you can defend

Abstractly, ownership is not much more than that which an entity can reasonably
defend from possession by others. If someone has taken a resource you own, you
don't own it any longer until you can exert a force to repossess the resource.
If you really cared, you could go retake the resource and do a better job
defending it next time. It goes without saying that today, social contracts and
the entity of Government with its laws and law-enforcement are the potential
force by which most people passively defend their resources.

I suppose this sytem works well enough and is easy to comprehend, although other
more societies have had different views of ownership.

> Our land is more valuable than your money. It will last forever. It will not even perish by the flames of fire. As long as the sun shines and the waters flow, this land will be here to give life to men and animals. We cannot sell the lives of men and animals; therefore we cannot sell this land. It was put here for us by the Great Spirit and we cannot sell it because it does not belong to us. You can count your money and burn it within the nod of a buffalo's head, but only the great Spirit can count the grains of sand and the blades of grass of these plains. As a present to you, we will give you anything we have that you can take with you, but the land, never.
>
> --Crowfoot, chief of the Blackfeet, circa 1885

Is this the limit and extent of ownership?

## Influence and space-time

Influence decays with time and space. In the temporal dimension, I may have
enough influence to push a boulder off of a cliff _right now_, but as time goes
on each subsequent contact with the ground involves more factors that drown out
what impact I could possibly intend for the boulder.

In the spatial dimension, the extent of my influence is _hard-capped_ by the
width of the observable universe, the speed of light. I cannot travel faster
than light. Neither can I send a signal to influence something at the edge of
the universe because vast space is separated by vast time.

Clearly, I cannot "own" anything approaching these reaches for the simple fact
that I have no influence; and therefore can offer no defense.

## Ownership of a company

As an owner of a company your involvement entitles you to determine what is to
be done with profit produced by the company. Ownership has no natural
expiration, and as such entitles the owner to these benefits in perpetuity.
Furthermore, ownership does not necessitate direction; owners need not exert any
influence over the company if they choose not to.

But this is inconsistent with reality. Any investment in a company is limited by
time, space, and the complexity of the machine of the company -- no investment
can produce returns in perpetuity. The impact of any investment is limited by
the entropy of the system, and thermodynamics. Given perfect information,
dollars invested can be tracked to quantify their residence time in the machine
and the return which the dollar produced.

What are owners, but the primary investors? If we don't accept that an
investment can produce infinite value, then surely we cannot accept that
ownership can persist indefinitely?




## Entitlement to future value of possessions

## Maximizing profit

S-curve, with uncertainty, starting positive as x is low, going negative as x is
high. x-axis is profit. y-axis is net ethical benefit.

Maximizing profit means most efficient extraction of resources. Efficiency here
means extracting the most resources while returning the smallest value. See
shrinkflation, claims denial, reducing ingredient quality, etc.

Counterfeit and fraud are thus the logical conclusion and purest expressions of
anarcho-capitalism.

Currently, our belief is that compensation of an abstraction with capital is
sufficient for entitlement of profits stemming from that abstraction.
Counterfeit is, then, a presumed entitlement of profit without compensation for
the abstraction's progenitor -- we find this objectionable.

Can abstractions ever be transferred? What amount of capital can purchase
general relativity, or credits of the discovery and cataloguing of the Galapagos
finches? Why do we not also pause at the idea of purchasing a company (another
abstraction)?

Ownership must be tied to <exertion, responsibility, influence> something
something. The purchase of an abstraction and its use to generate profit is
*intellectual* counterfeit, not yet defined in our system of trade.
